it's great to have you back I see your
mom has returned last time you were here
you brought your mom yes and hi mom how
are you how you doing
does she live here now in hello I'm
still done speaking Spanish you don't
speak any English well then how do you
know what I'm saying right now no you
know that it's okay because she lives in
Mexico City so she came to visit and
it's a tradition every time that I have
a premiere I bring my mom it's like
she's my plus-one for everything very
nice and she knew enough to like she
came into immigration and they asked you
know the usual questions like what are
you doing here in the States and she's
like oh my daughter lives here what does
she do she's an actress and they're like
oh cool anything I've ever seen her in
and she's like yeah she's in a baby
driver she's like oh the girl that lost
her green card I'm jumping in the sky
and she's like what she's like I saw in
Jimmy Kimmel oh right she have it now
and I was like were they asking because
they wondered if I found it or they
wanted to get rid of me
oh yeah that's right last time you were
on the show and your mom was here you
told the story of jumping out of a plane
losing your green card yeah you don't
want to lose and the TSA is always
watching us I guess that's the yeah they
love you hi everyone at TSA send me to
secondary I'm always in secondary are
you what is secondary its secondary
checkups for everyone that is not
American I see for everyone who is not
American or everyone who's not American
who looks like you and they want to
spend a little time in secondary I wish
them sometimes I'm like I will say
something like oh they don't even want
you to speak inside but now they will
because they're my hope here in CHEM oh
and we love you guys
you are I know you just had a big
birthday right years old how do you feel
about that about my birthday about your
birthday we'll see I'm like a like I
hate birthdays I feel like it's the most
narcissistic thing we've ever invented
it's like you force all your friends to
come bring you gifts mm-hmm pay things
for you mm-hm and then be like pretend
like you love me and sing to me because
that's what my birthday's for for
everyone to kiss my butt mmm and you're
like I just hate it and then I was
turning 30 which is a big number for a
girl as you can imagine those girls out
here or anybody sure he's a big one
because also like dirty you get nervous
cuz it's like oh I don't get away with
anything anymore but also like you feel
like the day I turned 30 I was like I'm
a woman you know like I felt I felt very
secure about myself but long story short
I said I'm gonna have a very tame like
just very easy birthday I was gonna do
like a little thing in a bar and then I
was gonna in the Super Bowl Oh which is
my like version of I love football yeah
like that was a great celebration really
well I really love what's your team team
that we'll never clearly see a Super
Bowl called the Cowboys lately I see
okay so the Cowboys were not in the
Super Bowl unfortunately for your
birthday
was it the Niners and the chief the
chief yeah who are you rooting for there
I originally was rooting for the 49ers
but it was so we went to present at the
NFL honors I'm sure you've done that
before and they take like a big group
and in that group was Paul Rudd and his
kid right and in Kansas City Chiefs yeah
god I've never seen something like this
yeah which was really cute to watch
because at the beginning I was like
rooting for the 49ers I was the only one
there rooting for the 49ers and then he
they were so excited that I was just
like I'm gonna root for them now in this
which is every time something would
happen like we were at like a you know
those balconies you're sitting with
everyone skybox yes skybox and they were
under there's a couple of fans
underneath
whoa I've never seen something like this
like to the point that when they one
really get out a nosebleed uh-huh
it was crazy and he said does like your
nose is bleeding
you thinking it's fine everyone this is
my Paul's kid and the nosebleed wow
that's me I'm so happy and
congratulations to them because they
were there was a big thing for that's
called the Rudd blood when it comes out
you know they've won something and so
you really you switched over to that
team ID and then did you go out did you
what did you do in Miami well it all
started backtracking to my birthday
right it was gonna be a chill birthday
and so I ended up going to this bar this
little thing and then it turned out to
one shot two shots three shots four
mm-hmm someone threw up on my cake oh
really yeah I have footage and like the
best part was coming back from Miami
because you watched The Hangover uh-huh
it was that it was like that like I
opened my phone I was like what what is
going on here and it just became a big
blur of four days completely drunk and
ended it like you know there's all these
after parties you've been right yeah
super Walter yeah and so in Miami dick
gets crazy it gets crazy my people love
a celebration you know there's a lot of
Latinos out there we love just music and
so there's this crazy after party that
we didn't know where we're gonna go
until I got there and it was a strip
club oh really you didn't know you know
because it's like oh someone's after
party they're like Snoop Dogg is gonna
perform like I want to see Snoop Dogg
mmm-hmm until you discover it Snoop Dogg
got us was it an unpleasant experience
Avery's amazing oh it was good you know
why because for the first time you know
like I've always heard like rappers
thing about like sing about strippers
yeah and I was like they'll fall in love
with them it was like what is this thing
they all fall in love with them like
it's do they spend a lot of time there
like what's the drill uh-huh and so I
was there and like after an hour I was
like dude like didn't really know what
to do so I sat down and like
there's a stripper giving up lap dance
next to me and I was just like so what's
going on and she's like yeah well you
know and like we started having a full
conversation about our lives not she
twerked and it was really impressive
uh-huh
it was really aggressive and then she
was like you know my back really hurts
off because I was like how do you do
this like this is impressive like it's
like Cirque de Soleil with butts
uh-huh like it was really like athletes
like top-notch and she's like I have to
get my work but my body worked and like
got massages my back hurts all the time
I was like okay Noda and I was like okay
can you teach me how to do this we
exchanged numbers oh really
your friends oh you're in love with the
stripper friendships are made I love her
so much
that you know they have the money and
like yeah it was another stripper trying
to take her money I was like no oh my
goodness that's my girls money and I was
like grabbing her bag I was like no back
up back up
it's my girls money and like I was
helping her like we're best friends wow
it sounds like a really good night your
mother is thrilled yeah oh well it's
great to see the movies called blood
shot with Vin Diesel azad gonzales
everybody it opens fear
hi I'm Julie Kim oh I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos